Y
yes
there are such friends of youtube in this
version bringing a very special boxing
and that possibly the special of the
six thousand subscribers is the review of
this computer already together with my zero
I will show you well how I go
giving working these days but first
I'm going to show you the computer that
buy good carmen more than anything brings a
amd fx 6.300 black edition processor already
come be blocked
1 GB as you can see USB 3.0 the double
compatible with people to md fx4 and
graphic cards ati ram
a 2 gb gddr5 radio graphics card
r 7 250 to be able to perform faster and
be able to run some games and obviously
a special cabinet the cabinet the 430
black this was not the one that has flown
originally me and one cheaper but
by purchasing everything I did and everything
that adds to the end they gave it to me
so I think it was better
let's go to proceed to open it for
that you can see what the
cabinet
here
but
can you draw it just when I record
cicchitto
yes
two
to
we can
per share
we have here
here it only brings the characteristics of
warranty cabinet
suppose a little more the cabinet
in front brings a fan with light
led this is pretty much the interior
and seven slots to increase the
ability of the mind
like this
Amen
maybe we can appreciate very
all right
but this part of here
here from the center now where it usually goes down
a little the camera
so they can better see the cabinet in
yes
here brings the motherboard gb
an unt hard drive was a source of
power of kim 50 watts
on the fan the video card the
r cited 250 gbdrd5
on the opposite
I the way
to do with him
the disc tray a reader
multi-card I occupy it much more than
nothing for the videos because I all
videos he saved them in a sd that is the
the camera and then I needed it
here is the other fan this is the
that lights blue is going to be game
with water
is going to be game with obviously with the
keyboard and with the mouse since both
turn on blue
in the part of above although it is not
Concentrate other spaces for
fans here soon we can
to show
here between the two spaces for
fans and soon here later
put in a cooling system
liquid
To avoid this capable of anything
here is the back of the
computer we have usb vga hdmi ports
and 2 USB 3.0 ports that I'm going to
put to change the graphics card
the microphone connector for
hearing aids so that is more ports dvi
which are the vga graphics card
and here is here
below the port for the current
that by the way the cable does not macro where
I left it
but when the lit they will see
working everything I really liked this
cabinet since in that part he manufactured
then we can see all the parts
of pspv in tve backlit when
when you turn it on it looks pretty good
8 gb of ram memory I forgot a thousand
333 megahertz I was not encouraged by the 1600
for the moment because he did not want to invest
it cost me about 8 thousand 475
does not appear already with all the pieces if
they are interested I leave the link in the
description of the original computer and
I add certain things but the
Original worth about
seven thousand pesos it seems to me six thousand 800
performances but how do I comment?
I added certain things to
I did not have to modify in a rock
I hope you liked this video
if so subscribe a little hand up
share with friends and expect more lives
in the channel I'm going to go up more
comment that I have the computer well
see you in a proximity
bye